Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
‪[Jonasi groans]
‪[grunts]
‪[groans]
‪Joyce. [moans]
‪Oh. my love. [chuckles]
‪Hey. [moans]
‪Last night.
‪and then this morning…
‪[grunts] …you were amazing.
‪You served it so well. [grunts]
‪Stop.
‪-Stop what?
‪-Stop it. Jo.
‪-And now?
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪-What have I done?
‪-[sighs]
‪-We need to talk. please.
‪-Talk about what?
‪-Talk about what. Joyce?
‪-Jo…
‪Uh. Mom. can you sign some--
‪Ooh! Uh. I'm… I'm so sorry.
‪-[stammers] Sorry. it just…
‪-Dad?
‪-Mpume. wait. [sighs]
‪-[door slams]
‪[whispers] Well…
‪[chuckling]
‪What are you laughing at?
‪This is not funny.
‪It's not funny.
‪Can you see she's sneaking around?
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Jo. stop.
‪I'm really not trying
‪to confuse the kids anymore.
‪-Joyce. Joyce. Joyce.
‪-What?
‪Wait. wait. wait. wait. Wait.
‪How are we confusing them?
‪Hmm?
‪I'm their father. right?
‪I'm your husband.
‪Hmm?
‪[clicks tongue] I'm your husband.
‪-[sighs]
‪-Right?
‪[inhales deeply]
‪-Jonasi.
‪Can you just please…
‪-I… I think.
‪-Come here.
‪What?
‪I'm here.
‪I'm here. my love.
‪I'm here. [inhales sharply]
‪He must wake up and eat.
‪-Our dad is upstairs.
‪-He is getting so big.
‪-[Menzi] Huh?
‪-Dad is upstairs.
‪-When did he get here?
‪-He was in bed with Mom.
‪You idiot.
‪And she must've been drunk
‪'cause what the hell.
‪Stop it. Mpume. Watch your mouth.
‪Or I'll put you in your place right now.
‪-[Joyce laughing]
‪-Oh. Joyce. Joyce. Joyce.
‪-[Joyce] Stop it. Stop.
‪-[Jonasi chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi clears throat]
‪-Good morning.
‪-Oh. Good morning.
‪-[Menzi] Good morning.
‪-Good morning. Good morning.
‪-Wow. Ntombi.
‪This meal looks amazing.
‪-Thank you so much.
‪-Yeah. It looks good.
‪Thank you. ma'am.
‪But I didn't prepare for Mr. Gomora.
‪-[Joyce] Oh.
‪-Oh?
‪[Joyce] No. no. It's fine. Don't worry.
‪[clears throat] Princess.
‪Please move. my love.
‪so Dad can sit in his chair.
‪[Jonasi] Oh. no. it's fine. my love.
‪It's fine.
‪My baby girl is all grown up now. Hmm?
‪Are you the first lady of the house?
‪Ah. It's okay. my love.
‪I'll sit here and eat.
‪It's fine.
‪Well. then.
‪Thank you. daughter. Thank you.
‪-There we go.
‪-It's good to have you back. my son.
‪-[sighs] Thank you. Ma.
‪-[Grace] Thank you.
‪-[Jonasi] Ntombi.
‪-[chuckles]
‪[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪Son.
‪-Hi. Dad.
‪-Mmm. How are you?
‪-Um. I'm good.
‪-[Jonasi] That's good.
‪-[Joyce] Should I dish for you?
‪-[Jonasi] Dish up. my love. dish up.
‪[dogs barking]
‪-[phone chiming]
‪-[tapping keys]
‪Hmm.
‪[phone chimes]
‪No. come on.
‪[tapping keys]
‪-Wow.
‪-[phone chimes]
‪Menzi. why is Mom going on and pretending
‪like the last 12 months didn't happen?
‪Mom and Dad are clearly in love.
‪You should stay out of their business.
‪[Mpume] Really. Menzi? Love?
‪We were picking her up from the floor
‪when she was drinking.
‪She was going through a depression
‪because your father left us.
‪We're calling that love now?
‪♪ ‪Joyce. Joyce‪ ♪
‪[chuckles]
‪Here's your ginger tea.
‪I made it
‪just the way you like it. my love.
‪[both] Mmm.
‪-[stammers] Jo.
‪-[smacks lips]
‪What exactly is happening between us?
‪-Uh. you know… [exhales sharply]
‪-[stammers]
‪We know…
‪I'm looking for my golf gloves.
‪They aren't in the usual place.
‪Oh? Maybe they're with
‪that lover of yours.
‪-Who knows?
‪-[chuckles]
‪Well then. they got lost in the fire.
‪-[chuckling] Ah. I'm just kidding.
‪-Uh-uh. No. no. It's too soon.
‪Mmm.
‪Oh. well. Doesn't matter.
‪I'll just get new ones.
‪See you later?
‪-Hmm?
‪-Um…
‪Then we'll pick up from where we left off.
‪[gasps]
‪All right.
‪Your tea.
‪So what's up with this Lindani and Xolani?
‪Dad has left us before. Menzi.
‪He'll do it again.
‪Don't say I didn't warn you.
‪-[Jonasi] I wanna play the whole day.
‪-[Magesh] No. I won't play the whole day.
‪[Jonasi] I'm so stressed. eh.
‪[Magesh] I want you to know that
‪I am winning the 10.000-bucks bet today.
‪-Let's make it one million.
‪-[Matipa] Sorry!
‪-[Jonasi chuckling]
‪-[Magesh] A million bucks? No way.
‪-Excuse me. sir. I'm talking to you.
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪[sighs]
‪[chuckles]
‪Hello.
‪Hello to you too.
‪You didn't sleep at home last night.
‪[chuckles]
‪Where were you? Were you with Joyce?
‪What were you doing together?
‪Had sex?
‪-[whistles]
‪-Was it nice?
‪Don't talk to me like that.
‪Do you understand?
‪When are you returning. Jonasi?
‪When are you coming back?
‪-[sighs] Let's go. bro.
‪-I'm talking to you.
‪-[Magesh laughing]
‪-[Jonasi exclaims] Wow!
‪[Magesh] Can't change what he is!
‪-[dog barking]
‪-[Joyce] Trinity. hi.
‪[Trinity] ‪How are you. Joycee?
‪I'm good. thanks. And how are you?
‪So. about our last meeting.
‪we've made a decision that
‪we'd like to keep you on as ambassador
‪of Ivory Oasis Baths.
‪Wow. [chuckles]
‪Thank you. This is amazing news.
‪I'm so happy. And I hope you know
‪that means more campaigns. right?
‪Yes. we definitely will.
‪We love making lots of money. dear.
‪Thank you so much. dear.
‪-Can I please talk to you later?
‪-[car door opens]
‪I need to deal with something urgently.
‪-What's she doing here now?
‪-[car door closes]
‪[dog barking]
‪I'm surprised to see you here. Joyce.
‪I didn't know you made it to these parts.
‪[chuckles] Don't be silly. Essie.
‪You know I do. I just…
‪I'm just always pressed for time.
‪But your house is so beautiful.
‪I love the way you've decorated it.
‪It's so retro.
‪Joyce.
‪What are you doing here?
‪Jonasi has come back.
‪[stammers] What's wrong?
‪Do you want him to leave?
‪Oh. No.
‪So?
‪Be happy that he's back.
‪What's the problem?
‪Essie. I want him to stay for good.
‪for him to stay with his family.
‪I want him to be done
‪with all this nonsense he's been doing.
‪Listen. Magesh is a really good man.
‪But…
‪I'm sure. as a woman.
‪you've heard the rumours going around
‪about him out there.
‪Please tell me.
‪How are you able to stay with Magesh?
‪I've never lied to myself.
‪[pensive music playing]
‪I know that all men are like this.
‪[stammers] Come on. so…
‪Men will always be men. and ends there?
‪[Essie] You know what all men want?
‪Only peace.
‪There's no way. Essie.
‪[Essie] Stop being a nuisance.
‪Stop nagging and shouting at him.
‪You've taken the bedroom's fun out of it.
‪It feels like a courtroom now.
‪[stammers] If he sleeps out.
‪when he comes home. he must come back
‪to a loving home full of warmth.
‪Make him breakfast.
‪laugh and keep him happy.
‪Do you see all these homes out there?
‪Why do you think they're still standing?
‪Because of their loving husbands?
‪Or because they're well-behaved?
‪[chuckles] Oh. please.
‪All of these women have endured hardships.
‪That's why these families
‪are still together.
‪[door opens. closes]
‪[Jonasi exhales sharply]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Hello. you.
‪Hello.
‪And how was your day?
‪It's better now.
‪Because I'm with you.
‪[both breathing heavily]
‪[birds chirping]
‪[moans]
‪[music stops]
‪Jo?
‪Fuck!
‪[Menzi] Where are you going?
‪Oh. my brother. There's this place
‪called none of your business.
‪-Heard of it?
‪-[sighs] You're such an idiot.
‪Have you guys seen your father?
‪[chuckles] He's gone again?
‪No surprise there.
‪[Jonasi groans]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪And why are you all staring at me?
‪Son. come help me with these. Come.
‪Help me with these. Yeah. There we go.
‪That's my son.
‪[sighs]
‪-Morning. my love. You good?
‪-My love.
‪-[Jonasi moans]
‪-[Joyce chuckling]
‪Mmm. [chuckles]
‪And now? Where are you going?
‪You know that it's Sunday.
‪-[Joyce] Mm-hmm.
‪-We're having a barbecue.
‪-Barbecue Sunday?
‪-[Joyce] Yes.
‪Since when?
‪Someone hasn't been around
‪for over a year.
‪[Jonasi sighs]
‪Have you forgotten that we used
‪to marinate the meat together?
‪Mm-hmm? You used to love that.
‪Aren't you happy
‪your parents are back together?
‪-Let's braai some meat.
‪-[upbeat music plays]
‪-Let's have a braai.
‪-[Jonasi] Right. My son. let's go braai.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi] Make the fire. Let's go.
‪-[chimes]
‪-[Joyce] There's also a bottle of wine.
‪-[Jonasi] You and I need to go talk.
‪-[Joyce] No. no! [chuckling]
‪-[Jonasi exclaims]
‪-[Joyce] Not in front of the kids.
‪-[Grace] ‪No. no. no.
‪-[Maskandi music playing]
‪-[Grace] You are really brave. Magesh.
‪So you really married Essie.
‪even with her problematic son. Freedom?
‪-Mmm. [chuckles]
‪-[exclaims. chuckles]
‪Then there's sweet little Sarah.
‪How is she?
‪Ah. She's all right.
‪Magesh. don't be scared to bring them.
‪You shouldn't hide them.
‪I mean. you shouldn't be ashamed.
‪They are your family.
‪They didn't create themselves. right?
‪-Oh. yeah.
‪-You should bring them.
‪-Aunt Ntombi. how are you?
‪-[Ntombi] I'm good.
‪-Granny.
‪-Knock-knock. Hi. Grandma Grace.
‪Am I your grandmother?
‪Why are you wearing such a short dress?
‪It's a dress.
‪-[Magesh stammers] This beer is warm.
‪-[Mpume] Don't mind her.
‪-Let me get a cold one.
‪-Okay. No problem. Magesh.
‪-Okay.
‪-Don't mind her. It's the sherry speaking.
‪[both chuckle]
‪Um. but on a serious note. friend.
‪thank you so much for coming.
‪I wouldn't have been able
‪to do this alone.
‪Oh. I'll always show up for you.
‪It's just a bit weird. though.
‪Why everyone is acting
‪like nothing happened at all?
‪Bro. it's so weird.
‪Got you. girl.
‪Okay. so…
‪-Hey. Menzi.
‪-Dad?
‪Why are you staring at that girl
‪like that? What… What's wrong with you?
‪No. I… [stammers]
‪-I wasn't staring at her.
‪-Ah. You're lying.
‪-[chuckling]
‪-This boy is lying.
‪[Jonasi] She's gorgeous.
‪-Go get her.
‪-Yes. girl.
‪She has a boyfriend.
‪-And so? What does that mean?
‪-[scoffs]
‪Listen here.
‪What's the old saying. brother?
‪[both] You find a partner
‪from someone else.
‪-Take her from him.
‪-Take her from him. Stop messing around.
‪Joyce. you need to stop wearing
‪this tracksuit. dear.
‪Stop it. Mom.
‪Are we talking about the tracksuit again?
‪It's Fendi. It's Fendi.
‪I don't care that it's Fendi.
‪I really don't care.
‪Men are visual creatures.
‪He'll be turned off if he sees you
‪dressed up like this. I'm telling you.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Jo!
‪-[door opens]
‪-Jo!
‪Goodness. did you hear that?
‪-[door slams]
‪-[Matipa] Jo!
‪-What's wrong? Why are you shouting?
‪-Hey. hey. hey!
‪Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
‪You have some nerve
‪setting foot in my house.
‪I'm here to fetch my man.
‪Here? In my home?
‪Have you not lost it. perhaps?
‪Leave. Matipa.
‪Unfortunately. old lady.
‪I won't be able to do that.
‪Not until I've spoken to him.
‪Well. clearly the beating
‪I gave you last time wasn't enough.
‪You really want to test me. huh?
‪I'll give you a real beating today.
‪What did you just say?
‪Gesh. I need to speak to Jonasi.
‪Leave.
‪Now.
‪[Mpume] Tell me what it is.
‪[Matipa] Hmm?
‪-What are you talking about?
‪-What is it about that man
‪that makes you guys
‪degrade yourself like this?
‪What happened between
‪your father and I doesn't concern you.
‪Everything that man does
‪affects all of us.
‪Listen. you're smart. you're beautiful.
‪Choose yourself.
‪What you're trying to do is commendable.
‪Cute. even.
‪Trying to fight your mother's battles.
‪But I'll tell you one thing.
‪stay out of grown people's business.
‪[crickets chirping]
‪[dogs barking]
‪-[birds chirping]
‪-[phone buzzing]
‪[phone beeps]
‪Hi. you little skanky whore.
‪-What do you want?
‪-[Matipa exclaims]
‪I just wanted to warn you
‪not to get too comfortable too soon.
‪-[machine whirring]
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪Really?
‪You know.
‪judging from what I saw yesterday.
‪I doubt I'd have to worry about you. okay.
‪You know. he called me last night.
‪He says he misses me.
‪He may be with you right now.
‪living in that little house of yours.
‪But what do you think will happen
‪when he's with me at work all day long?
‪[chuckling]
‪I'm not laughing. Matipa.
‪I'm just wondering
‪if you realise how sad this has become.
‪Quite pathetic. really. aren't you?
‪You're the pathetic one. Joyce.
‪The man chose another woman over you.
‪and you're happy with that?
‪How can you accept a man
‪who's sleeping with another woman?
‪[Joyce] ‪How can you. Matipa?
‪Huh?
‪Listen here.
‪Word to the wise. sweetie.
‪Get a fucking life
‪with a man that's not married.
‪You fucking bitch.
‪-Wow.
‪-Mom.
‪Mom. please don't.
‪Anxiety pills? Since when?
‪They're herbal pills.
‪They don't do much.
‪They just calm me down a bit.
‪There's a broker that
‪I'd like for you to meet with.
‪He's really good at helping women
‪secure their future.
‪He can help you with an offshore account.
‪So you can also have
‪your own money saved up.
‪If I had done the same before your father
‪passed away. I wouldn't have lost it all.
‪With all due respect. Mom.
‪you're confusing me. Ma.
‪I mean.
‪wasn't it you who was busy lecturing me
‪on what to wear
‪in order to seduce my husband?
‪And now you're talking to me
‪about offshore accounts?
‪How does that make any sense?
‪Listen.
‪Their father is back
‪and he's here for good.
‪Can you please just understand that?
‪And leave me alone.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[Jonasi exhales sharply]
‪Hold on. [stammers] Did you tell Jabulani
‪there's an emergency here?
‪How else was I supposed
‪to get your attention. Jonasi?
‪What the fuck is going on with you?
‪[groans]
‪A week ago.
‪we sent your wife divorce papers.
‪What changed?
‪That's enough now. Do you hear me?
‪Do you remember what you said to me?
‪What did I say?
‪You said you wouldn't be going
‪to that stupid anniversary party.
‪-[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪-And then. look what happened.
‪You went there and never returned.
‪What's going on? What's going on. Jonasi?
‪I went home
‪to see my wife.
‪Wow.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪Is that what we're doing now?
‪You're throwing that in my face?
‪You know… [sighs] …if I knew that
‪you would end up acting like this.
‪I wouldn't have started
‪this thing between us.
‪because you're behaving like a child
‪right now.
‪-Mmm.
‪-You know.
‪I can't even have peace at work.
‪at my place of work.
‪-Oh. really?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪[Matipa] Mm-hmm.
‪-Now tell me.
‪-[inhales sharply. groaning]
‪-Okay. okay.
‪-Are you sure about what you're doing?
‪-[stammering]
‪-Huh?
‪What are you doing? What are you doing?
‪Are you sure you want to throw away
‪everything I do for you?
‪-Everything I give you. Jonasi?
‪-[stammers]
‪[inhales sharply. stammers]
‪-Huh? Answer me. I'm talking to you.
‪-[stammers]
‪[exhales] What do you want me to say?
‪I want you to answer me.
‪-[chattering]
‪-[elevator bell dings]
‪Ah. Matipa Nkosi.
‪Hi. Gesh.
‪You know. the only thing I ever wanted
‪was to give you all my love.
‪[chuckles]
‪It's a pity.
‪you chose the wrong brother.
‪-So long. you office whore.
‪-Ah. fuck off. please.
‪Why don't you go tell your wife
‪that bloody nonsense?
‪What a damn fool.
‪Don't disrespect me. [scoffs]
‪[exclaims]
‪Whoa. Hey.
‪What a nice surprise. You're here?
‪You know.
‪I was just about to return your calls.
‪Oh. and I saw your missed calls.
‪What's wrong. love?
‪What's going on?
‪Tell me. Jo. How long would it take?
‪Will it be today or tomorrow?
‪When will it be real?
‪My love. what are you talking about? What?
‪What I won't allow you to do to me
‪is to make me a fool for the second time.
‪Oh. come on.
‪I refuse. Jonasi. to go through the same
‪roller coaster with that girl Matipa.
‪-My love. where is this coming from?
‪-You two work together.
‪You're here together every single day.
‪So. tell me.
‪how long before her claws are in you
‪and she grabs you at your weakest. Jonasi?
‪-Tell me. Huh?
‪-Oh. so I'm weak now?
‪Jonasi.
‪I won't allow myself to repeat. ever.
‪being in that position again.
‪Understood?
‪Okay.
‪Um. Mr. Gomora wants
‪to see you in his office.
‪Oh. finally.
‪[inhales sharply]
‪I guess he's coming back to his senses.
‪Buhle. please make sure
‪I'm not interrupted by any calls.
‪Understood?
‪Sure.
‪Thank you.
‪[sighs]
‪[door opens]
‪What's this?
‪Take a seat.
‪I'll stand.
‪-Please sit.
‪-I said I'll stand.
‪[Joyce] Mmm.
‪My husband and I
‪have come to the decision that
‪all the service you have given us
‪so exceptionally
‪are no longer required.
‪-So…
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪…you're dismissed.
‪-Effective immediately.
‪-[chuckles]
‪I'm… [chuckling]
‪[stammers] Is this a joke?
‪HR department will be in touch with you
‪to discuss your termination.
‪Absolutely fucking not. Jo.
‪On what grounds am I being dismissed?
‪Tell me…
‪loyal husband.
‪Father of her children.
‪What were we doing this morning?
‪Or were you making me a fool?
‪[Jonasi] Hold it right there.
‪Accept this reality.
‪You don't want to make an enemy of me.
‪You see. Jonasi.
‪you and that old hag.
‪you will regret this.
‪I will take this company
‪to the fucking cleaners.
‪You try that.
‪-[door opens]
‪-[grunts]
‪It's over.
‪Mmm.
‪-Yeah. [sighs]
‪-["Before" playing]
‪Yeah.
‪A man amongst men.
‪[Jonasi] Hmm?
‪Gomora.
‪My husband.
‪[breathes shakily]
‪[inhales sharply]
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[screams]
‪[distorted music playing]
‪[sobbing]
‪[breathing heavily]
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪-[music continues]
‪[sobbing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm